english-learning/daily-life/about-work.md, before:

# About work

## useful expressions
- rush time
- on workday/weekday

## some work-related words
- hierarchy
```
英 [ˈhaɪərɑːki] 美 [ˈhaɪərɑːrki]
n. 层级；等级制度
She's quite high up in the management hierarchy.
她位居管理层要职。
My ambition was to travel upwards in the ecclesiastical hierarchy.
我的雄心是在基督教会体系内步步高升。
Like most other American companies with a rigid hierarchy, workers and managers had strictly defined duties.
像大多数其他等级制度森严的美国公司一样，工人和管理人员都有严格界定的职责。
```
- precondition
```
英 [ˌpriːkənˈdɪʃn] 美 [ˌpriːkənˈdɪʃn]
n. 前提；先决条件
vt. 预处理；事先准备
A ceasefire is an essential precondition for negotiation.
停火是谈判的必要前提。
They have demanded the release of three prisoners as a precondition for any negotiation.
他们要求释放3名囚犯作为谈判的先决条件。
After taking office in January, Barack Obama offered talks without precondition to Iran.
一月，奥巴马上任以后，提出与伊朗进行无先决条件会谈。
```
- interference
```
英 [ˌɪntəˈfɪərəns] 美 [ˌɪntərˈfɪrəns]
n. 干扰，冲突；干涉
Any outside criticism is routinely dismissed as interference.
任何外来批评照例都被当作干涉而不予理睬。
They resent foreign interference in the internal affairs of their country.
他们憎恶对他们国家内政的外来干涉。
What may seem helpful behaviour to you can be construed as interference by others.
在你看来似乎有助益的行为会被他人看作干涉。
```
- concurrent
```英 [kənˈkʌrənt] 美 [kənˈkɜːrənt]
adj. 并发的；一致的；同时发生的；并存的
n. [数] 共点；同时发生的事件
Galerie St. Etienne is holding three concurrent exhibitions.
圣·艾蒂安美术馆在同时举办3场展览。
He will actually be serving three concurrent five-year sentences.
实际上他要同期服3个5年的刑期。
He was imprisoned for two concurrent terms of 30 months and 18 months.
他被判处30个月和18个月的监禁，合并执行。
```
- distinct
```
英 [dɪˈstɪŋkt] 美 [dɪˈstɪŋkt]
adj. 明显的；独特的；清楚的；有区别的
Being 6ft 3in tall has some distinct disadvantages!
身高6英尺3英寸有明显的劣势！
The lighthouse beam was quite distinct in the gathering dusk.
灯塔的光柱在渐暗的黄昏中相当清楚。
Now that Tony was no longer present, there was a distinct change in her attitude.
现在托尼不在场了，她的态度就发生了明显变化。
```
- audit
```
英 [ˈɔːdɪt] 美 [ˈɔːdɪt]
n. 审计，稽核；查账；审查，检查；（系统的）调查，评估；审核结论，审计结论，稽核结论
v. 审计，稽核；查账；进行财务审查；系统检查；内部审计；（北美）旁听（大学课程）
The audit process can then query this key.
然后，审计过程就可以查询这个键了。
Each year they audit our accounts and certify them as being true and fair.
每年他们都会审核我们的账目，以证明其准确合理。
The bank first learned of the problem when it carried out an internal audit.
银行是在进行内部审计时最先得知这个问题的。
```
- postfix
```
英 [pəʊs(t)'fɪks] 美 [post'fɪks]
n. [语] 后缀；词尾
vt. 加字尾于
Read the postfix expression from left to right.
从左到右读入后缀表达式
If you could not pop two operators, the syntax of the postfix expression was not correct.
如果您不能够弹出两个操作数，后缀表达式的语法就不正确。
Infix notation is a common way of writing expressions, while prefix and postfix notations are primarily used in computer science.
中缀表示法是书写表达式的常见方式，而前缀和后缀表示法主要用于计算机科学领域。
```
- eviction
```
英 [ɪˈvɪkʃn] 美 [ɪˈvɪkʃn]
n. 逐出；赶出；收回
He was facing eviction, along with his wife and family.
他及其妻儿正面临着被驱逐。
They received a notice threatening them with eviction if they did not immediately pay the back monthly rent of $1, 025.
当他们接到通知威胁他们说，如果不能立即支付1025美元的月租，他们将被驱逐。
Some who have bought their own land, but failed to get planning permission for their dwellings, now face eviction.
那些已购买了自己土地但未能取得居留地计划许可的人如今面临着被驱逐的境地。
```
-sniffer
```
英 [snɪfə] 美
n. 嗅探器；嗅探犬；以鼻吸毒者
Sniffer dogs could be trained to track them down.
可以训练嗅探犬来追捕他们。
Anybody with a packet sniffer on your network or on a remote machine can view the information as it is exchanged, sometimes even password information.
任何人都可以在您的网络或远程计算机上使用包嗅探器查看交换的信息，有时甚至可以查看密码信息。
For example, a network sniffer could track which machines and at what time a particular machine communicated with another machine just by knowing its MAC address.
例如，只要知道一台机器的mac地址，网络嗅探器就可以追踪哪些机器以及在什么时候哪台机器与此机器通信。
```
- bracket
```
英 [ˈbrækɪt] 美 [ˈbrækɪt]
n. 支架，墙上凸出的托架；括号；等级，范围
vt. 括在一起；把…归入同一类；排除
Most of the houses are out of our price bracket.
大多数房子都超出我们的价格范围。
Each bracket is fixed to the wall with just three screws.
每个托架只用3颗螺钉固定在墙上。
It is unfair to bracket together those who cannot work with those who will not.
把不能工作的人和不愿工作的人等同看待是不公平的。
```
- bond
```
英 [bɒnd] 美 [bɑːnd]
n. 债券；结合；约定；粘合剂；纽带
vi. 结合，团结在一起
vt. 使结合；以…作保
n. (Bond)人名；(英、德、西、刚(金)、瑞典)邦德
The bond is currently priced at $900.
这种债券当前定价为$900。
It looks like a miniature version of James Bond's car.
它看上去像一辆小型的詹姆斯•邦德的汽车。
The eight-year bond will bear annual interest of 10.5%.
这份8年期的债券将产生10.5%的年息。
```
- explicit
```
英 [ɪkˈsplɪsɪt] 美 [ɪkˈsplɪsɪt]
adj. 明确的；清楚的；直率的；详述的
He gave me very explicit directions on how to get there.
他清楚地向我说明了去那儿的路线。
Peter gives two explicit answers in verse 38 to what they need—what we need.
彼得在 38 诗节中给出了两个明确的答案，他们需要什么——我们需要什么。
They may hesitate in the face of political pressure or an explicit decision.
面对政治压力或明确的决定，他们可能会犹豫不决。
```
- bionic
```
英 [baɪˈɒnɪk] 美 [baɪˈɑːnɪk]
adj. 仿生学的；利用仿生学的
The most unexpected things will brew in this bionic hivelike supermind.
在这种类似于蜂巢的仿生超级思维中，一定酝酿着某种最出人意料的东西。
Formula One fan Matthew James, however, had a more specific ambition. He wanted the car company to help build him a new bionic hand.
然而一级方式程赛车粉丝马修·詹姆斯却拥有更具体的雄心。他想让汽车公司帮他做一个新的仿生手。
Moreover, the bionic material structures, which mimic the Plato bodies and Kapler-Poinsot bodies, were suggested to design the composite coating systems.
此外还讨论了仿柏拉图体与开普勒-波因索特体的复合材料涂层结构设计。
```
- adapt
```
英 [əˈdæpt] 美 [əˈdæpt]
vt. 使适应；改编
vi. 适应
It's amazing how soon you adapt.
你这么快就适应了，真是令人惊奇。
The organisms were forced to adapt in order to survive.
生物被迫适应，以求生存。
We must constantly adapt and innovate to ensure success in a growing market.
我们必须不时地适应并创新，以确保在不断扩大的市场中取得成功。
```
- optimize
```
英 [ˈɒptɪmaɪz] 美 [ˈɑːptɪmaɪz]
vt. 使最优化，使完善
vi. 优化；持乐观态度
As always, you should profile your code and optimize it when necessary.
一如既往的，你应该在必要的时候分析和优化你的代码。
Most of us could do with some professional guidance on how to optimize our time.
我们大多数人在如何优化时间上可能需要一些职业指导。
This includes skills about how to integrate these products with each other, as well as with existing systems, and how to optimize solutions running on them.
这包括有关这些产品彼此如何集成(以及如何与现有系统集成)和如何优化在其上运行的解决方案的技能。
```
- peripheral
```
英 [pəˈrɪfərəl] 美 [pəˈrɪfərəl]
adj. 外围的；次要的；（神经）末梢区域的
n. 外部设备
eg: If you send disconnect request from your peripheral, you get onConnectionStateChanged with status = 19 (0x13 = GATT CONN TERMINATE PEER USER)
Fund-raising is peripheral to their main activities.
对他们的主要活动而言，筹集资金是次要的。
Treat the preconditioned peripheral nerves as a permissive environment.
将经过预处理的周围神经当作有效的环境。
Companies are increasingly eager to contract out peripheral activities like training.
公司越来越渴望把像培训这样的次要活动外包出去。
```
- material
```
英 [mə'tɪərɪəlz] 美 [mə'tɪrrɪrlz]
n. [材] 材料；材质（material的复数）；材料科学；材料费
He began to organize his materials.
他开始整理他的材料。
The use of the correct materials was crucial.
使用合适材料是重要的。
All the furniture is crafted from natural materials.
所有的家具均采用天然材料精心制作而成。
```
- ultrasonic
```
英 [ˌʌltrəˈsɒnɪk] 美 [ˌʌltrəˈsɑːnɪk]
adj. [声] 超声的；超音速的
n. 超声波
The most useful item above was probably this 15 year old ultrasonic humidifier. It produces large amounts of real fog.
上述项目中最有用的或许是这个有着15年历史的超声波增湿器，它产生大量真正的水雾。
Nor would he have known that ultrasonic vibrations from a plate-like transducer would shake those glass beads into the air to be tweezed and measured as they moved in suspension.
爱因斯坦也无法知道由盘型传感器产生的超声波振动能将空中这些玻璃微珠钳除，再在它们悬垂在空中移动时进行测量。
First, the robot's sensors - for example, touch sensors, light sensors, and ultrasonic sensors - take in information from its environment.
首先，机器人的传感器(例如接触传感器、光线传感器和超声波传感器)从它的环境中获得信息。
```
- dual-mode
```
双重模式；两种方法
To improve the safety and efficiency of ultrasonic thrombolysis, we designed a dual mode ultrasonic thrombolysis (DMUT) system.
为了提高超声溶栓治疗的安全性、有效性，我们设计了一种治疗与诊断双模式超声溶栓(DMUT)系统。
Business continuity guarantees that if a data center storage device fails, the failure of the two dual mode switching process is completely unaware of the business layer.
业务连续性保障如果一个数据中心存储设备出现故障，两种双活模式所进行的故障切换过程对业务层来说，是完全无感知的。
To solve the problem of slow convergence in the modified constant modulus algorithm (MCMA), a variable step and dual mode blind equalization algorithm is proposed, based on the MCMA algorithm.
为解决修正常系数模板算法（MCMA）收敛速度缓慢的问题，在MCMA算法的基础上，给出了一种变步长双模式MCMA算法。
```

Commit message:

[english] refund support, bearable and apparently

english-learning/daily-life/about-work.md, after:

# About work

## useful expressions
- rush time
- on workday/weekday

## some work-related words
- refund
```
英 [ˈriːfʌnd] 美 [ˈrifʌnd]
n. 退款，退税，返还款，偿还金额
v. 退还，退款，偿还
We will refund you your money in full.
我们会退还你所有的钱。
If the warranty is limited, the terms may entitle you to a replacement or refund.
如果保修单有限制，这些条款可让你有权换货或退款。
The bank has agreed to give an immediate refund in the unlikely event of an error being made.
银行已同意倘若出现不太可能的错误便立即退款。
```
- hierarchy
```
英 [ˈhaɪərɑːki] 美 [ˈhaɪərɑːrki]
n. 层级；等级制度
She's quite high up in the management hierarchy.
她位居管理层要职。
My ambition was to travel upwards in the ecclesiastical hierarchy.
我的雄心是在基督教会体系内步步高升。
Like most other American companies with a rigid hierarchy, workers and managers had strictly defined duties.
像大多数其他等级制度森严的美国公司一样，工人和管理人员都有严格界定的职责。
```
- precondition
```
英 [ˌpriːkənˈdɪʃn] 美 [ˌpriːkənˈdɪʃn]
n. 前提；先决条件
vt. 预处理；事先准备
A ceasefire is an essential precondition for negotiation.
停火是谈判的必要前提。
They have demanded the release of three prisoners as a precondition for any negotiation.
他们要求释放3名囚犯作为谈判的先决条件。
After taking office in January, Barack Obama offered talks without precondition to Iran.
一月，奥巴马上任以后，提出与伊朗进行无先决条件会谈。
```
- interference
```
英 [ˌɪntəˈfɪərəns] 美 [ˌɪntərˈfɪrəns]
n. 干扰，冲突；干涉
Any outside criticism is routinely dismissed as interference.
任何外来批评照例都被当作干涉而不予理睬。
They resent foreign interference in the internal affairs of their country.
他们憎恶对他们国家内政的外来干涉。
What may seem helpful behaviour to you can be construed as interference by others.
在你看来似乎有助益的行为会被他人看作干涉。
```
- concurrent
```英 [kənˈkʌrənt] 美 [kənˈkɜːrənt]
adj. 并发的；一致的；同时发生的；并存的
n. [数] 共点；同时发生的事件
Galerie St. Etienne is holding three concurrent exhibitions.
圣·艾蒂安美术馆在同时举办3场展览。
He will actually be serving three concurrent five-year sentences.
实际上他要同期服3个5年的刑期。
He was imprisoned for two concurrent terms of 30 months and 18 months.
他被判处30个月和18个月的监禁，合并执行。
```
- distinct
```
英 [dɪˈstɪŋkt] 美 [dɪˈstɪŋkt]
adj. 明显的；独特的；清楚的；有区别的
Being 6ft 3in tall has some distinct disadvantages!
身高6英尺3英寸有明显的劣势！
The lighthouse beam was quite distinct in the gathering dusk.
灯塔的光柱在渐暗的黄昏中相当清楚。
Now that Tony was no longer present, there was a distinct change in her attitude.
现在托尼不在场了，她的态度就发生了明显变化。
```
- audit
```
英 [ˈɔːdɪt] 美 [ˈɔːdɪt]
n. 审计，稽核；查账；审查，检查；（系统的）调查，评估；审核结论，审计结论，稽核结论
v. 审计，稽核；查账；进行财务审查；系统检查；内部审计；（北美）旁听（大学课程）
The audit process can then query this key.
然后，审计过程就可以查询这个键了。
Each year they audit our accounts and certify them as being true and fair.
每年他们都会审核我们的账目，以证明其准确合理。
The bank first learned of the problem when it carried out an internal audit.
银行是在进行内部审计时最先得知这个问题的。
```
- postfix
```
英 [pəʊs(t)'fɪks] 美 [post'fɪks]
n. [语] 后缀；词尾
vt. 加字尾于
Read the postfix expression from left to right.
从左到右读入后缀表达式
If you could not pop two operators, the syntax of the postfix expression was not correct.
如果您不能够弹出两个操作数，后缀表达式的语法就不正确。
Infix notation is a common way of writing expressions, while prefix and postfix notations are primarily used in computer science.
中缀表示法是书写表达式的常见方式，而前缀和后缀表示法主要用于计算机科学领域。
```
- eviction
```
英 [ɪˈvɪkʃn] 美 [ɪˈvɪkʃn]
n. 逐出；赶出；收回
He was facing eviction, along with his wife and family.
他及其妻儿正面临着被驱逐。
They received a notice threatening them with eviction if they did not immediately pay the back monthly rent of $1, 025.
当他们接到通知威胁他们说，如果不能立即支付1025美元的月租，他们将被驱逐。
Some who have bought their own land, but failed to get planning permission for their dwellings, now face eviction.
那些已购买了自己土地但未能取得居留地计划许可的人如今面临着被驱逐的境地。
```
-sniffer
```
英 [snɪfə] 美
n. 嗅探器；嗅探犬；以鼻吸毒者
Sniffer dogs could be trained to track them down.
可以训练嗅探犬来追捕他们。
Anybody with a packet sniffer on your network or on a remote machine can view the information as it is exchanged, sometimes even password information.
任何人都可以在您的网络或远程计算机上使用包嗅探器查看交换的信息，有时甚至可以查看密码信息。
For example, a network sniffer could track which machines and at what time a particular machine communicated with another machine just by knowing its MAC address.
例如，只要知道一台机器的mac地址，网络嗅探器就可以追踪哪些机器以及在什么时候哪台机器与此机器通信。
```
- bracket
```
英 [ˈbrækɪt] 美 [ˈbrækɪt]
n. 支架，墙上凸出的托架；括号；等级，范围
vt. 括在一起；把…归入同一类；排除
Most of the houses are out of our price bracket.
大多数房子都超出我们的价格范围。
Each bracket is fixed to the wall with just three screws.
每个托架只用3颗螺钉固定在墙上。
It is unfair to bracket together those who cannot work with those who will not.
把不能工作的人和不愿工作的人等同看待是不公平的。
```
- bond
```
英 [bɒnd] 美 [bɑːnd]
n. 债券；结合；约定；粘合剂；纽带
vi. 结合，团结在一起
vt. 使结合；以…作保
n. (Bond)人名；(英、德、西、刚(金)、瑞典)邦德
The bond is currently priced at $900.
这种债券当前定价为$900。
It looks like a miniature version of James Bond's car.
它看上去像一辆小型的詹姆斯•邦德的汽车。
The eight-year bond will bear annual interest of 10.5%.
这份8年期的债券将产生10.5%的年息。
```
- explicit
```
英 [ɪkˈsplɪsɪt] 美 [ɪkˈsplɪsɪt]
adj. 明确的；清楚的；直率的；详述的
He gave me very explicit directions on how to get there.
他清楚地向我说明了去那儿的路线。
Peter gives two explicit answers in verse 38 to what they need—what we need.
彼得在 38 诗节中给出了两个明确的答案，他们需要什么——我们需要什么。
They may hesitate in the face of political pressure or an explicit decision.
面对政治压力或明确的决定，他们可能会犹豫不决。
```
- bionic
```
英 [baɪˈɒnɪk] 美 [baɪˈɑːnɪk]
adj. 仿生学的；利用仿生学的
The most unexpected things will brew in this bionic hivelike supermind.
在这种类似于蜂巢的仿生超级思维中，一定酝酿着某种最出人意料的东西。
Formula One fan Matthew James, however, had a more specific ambition. He wanted the car company to help build him a new bionic hand.
然而一级方式程赛车粉丝马修·詹姆斯却拥有更具体的雄心。他想让汽车公司帮他做一个新的仿生手。
Moreover, the bionic material structures, which mimic the Plato bodies and Kapler-Poinsot bodies, were suggested to design the composite coating systems.
此外还讨论了仿柏拉图体与开普勒-波因索特体的复合材料涂层结构设计。
```
- adapt
```
英 [əˈdæpt] 美 [əˈdæpt]
vt. 使适应；改编
vi. 适应
It's amazing how soon you adapt.
你这么快就适应了，真是令人惊奇。
The organisms were forced to adapt in order to survive.
生物被迫适应，以求生存。
We must constantly adapt and innovate to ensure success in a growing market.
我们必须不时地适应并创新，以确保在不断扩大的市场中取得成功。
```
- optimize
```
英 [ˈɒptɪmaɪz] 美 [ˈɑːptɪmaɪz]
vt. 使最优化，使完善
vi. 优化；持乐观态度
As always, you should profile your code and optimize it when necessary.
一如既往的，你应该在必要的时候分析和优化你的代码。
Most of us could do with some professional guidance on how to optimize our time.
我们大多数人在如何优化时间上可能需要一些职业指导。
This includes skills about how to integrate these products with each other, as well as with existing systems, and how to optimize solutions running on them.
这包括有关这些产品彼此如何集成(以及如何与现有系统集成)和如何优化在其上运行的解决方案的技能。
```
- peripheral
```
英 [pəˈrɪfərəl] 美 [pəˈrɪfərəl]
adj. 外围的；次要的；（神经）末梢区域的
n. 外部设备
eg: If you send disconnect request from your peripheral, you get onConnectionStateChanged with status = 19 (0x13 = GATT CONN TERMINATE PEER USER)
Fund-raising is peripheral to their main activities.
对他们的主要活动而言，筹集资金是次要的。
Treat the preconditioned peripheral nerves as a permissive environment.
将经过预处理的周围神经当作有效的环境。
Companies are increasingly eager to contract out peripheral activities like training.
公司越来越渴望把像培训这样的次要活动外包出去。
```
- material
```
英 [mə'tɪərɪəlz] 美 [mə'tɪrrɪrlz]
n. [材] 材料；材质（material的复数）；材料科学；材料费
He began to organize his materials.
他开始整理他的材料。
The use of the correct materials was crucial.
使用合适材料是重要的。
All the furniture is crafted from natural materials.
所有的家具均采用天然材料精心制作而成。
```
- ultrasonic
```
英 [ˌʌltrəˈsɒnɪk] 美 [ˌʌltrəˈsɑːnɪk]
adj. [声] 超声的；超音速的
n. 超声波
The most useful item above was probably this 15 year old ultrasonic humidifier. It produces large amounts of real fog.
上述项目中最有用的或许是这个有着15年历史的超声波增湿器，它产生大量真正的水雾。
Nor would he have known that ultrasonic vibrations from a plate-like transducer would shake those glass beads into the air to be tweezed and measured as they moved in suspension.
爱因斯坦也无法知道由盘型传感器产生的超声波振动能将空中这些玻璃微珠钳除，再在它们悬垂在空中移动时进行测量。
First, the robot's sensors - for example, touch sensors, light sensors, and ultrasonic sensors - take in information from its environment.
首先，机器人的传感器(例如接触传感器、光线传感器和超声波传感器)从它的环境中获得信息。
```
- dual-mode
```
双重模式；两种方法
To improve the safety and efficiency of ultrasonic thrombolysis, we designed a dual mode ultrasonic thrombolysis (DMUT) system.
为了提高超声溶栓治疗的安全性、有效性，我们设计了一种治疗与诊断双模式超声溶栓(DMUT)系统。
Business continuity guarantees that if a data center storage device fails, the failure of the two dual mode switching process is completely unaware of the business layer.
业务连续性保障如果一个数据中心存储设备出现故障，两种双活模式所进行的故障切换过程对业务层来说，是完全无感知的。
To solve the problem of slow convergence in the modified constant modulus algorithm (MCMA), a variable step and dual mode blind equalization algorithm is proposed, based on the MCMA algorithm.
为解决修正常系数模板算法（MCMA）收敛速度缓慢的问题，在MCMA算法的基础上，给出了一种变步长双模式MCMA算法。
```
