english-learning/daily-life/about-movie.md, before:

# Movies

- TV play series
```
电视连续剧
I think the TV play series is made up.
我认为这部电视连续剧是虚构的。
Some TV play series have strange names and incorrect grammatical structures.
一些电视连续剧的名字不但奇怪，且语法不通。
Grand Mercure Hongqiao Shanghai successfully held the press conference of "Bitter Coffee" TV Play Series Booting Ceremony.
上海虹桥美爵酒店承办了《苦咖啡》上海开机仪式新闻发布会。
```

## words
- canary
```
英 [kəˈneəri] 美 [kəˈneri]
n. 金丝雀；淡黄色，鲜黄色；加纳利甜酒
n. (Canary) （美、印、英）卡纳里
My canary has laid an egg.
我的金丝雀下了一个蛋。
The one with the pointy roof is Canary Wharf.
那个有尖顶的是金丝雀码头。
I think all the big banks are in Canary Wharf.
我觉得所有的大银行都在金丝雀码头。
```
- module
```
英 [ˈmɒdjuːl] 美 [ˈmɑːdʒuːl]
n. [计] 模块；组件；模数
You create a new module for the selector.
您为选择器创建一个新的模块。
I simply have isolated that module inside of that function.
我只需把这个模块加到函数中去。
I've got both an option to check the module, though in this case I'm just going to run it.
我有两个选项来检查模块，尽管在本例中，我只是运行它。
```
- project
```
英 [ˈprɒdʒekt] 美 [ˈprɑːdʒekt]
n. （生产或研究）工程；方案；计划；事业；项目；专题研究；住房，廉租住宅区
v. 设计；计划；抛射；投射；表现；促进（观点或意象）；确立（好印象）；突出；预测；发送；（声音）扩及远处；想象（自己或场景）在另一个时间或地点；作……投影线；（情感、愿望）无意投射转移（给别人）
The whole project was badly managed.
整个项目管理得差劲。
What's the timescale for the project?
这个项目的工期是多长？
The project cost a shedload of money.
这个项目花费了一大笔钱。
```
- rage
```
英 [reɪdʒ] 美 [reɪdʒ]
n. 愤怒；狂暴，肆虐；情绪激动
vi. 大怒，发怒；流行，风行
n. (Rage)人名；(丹)拉厄
A tide of rage surged through her.
一股怒火燃遍她的全身。
Most air rage incidents involve heavy drinking.
大多数空中愤怒事件都与酗酒有关。
Rage bubbled just below the surface of his mind.
怒火在他心中燃烧，随时可能迸发。
```
- suck
```
英 [sʌk] 美 [sʌk]
vt. 吸吮；吸取
vi. 吸吮；糟糕；巴结
n. 吮吸
Greenfly can literally suck a plant dry.
蚜虫的确能把一株植物吸干。
Did the farmer suck the poison out of the wound?
那位农民将毒液从伤口里吸出来了吗？
Good writers suck in what they see of the world, re-creating their own universe on the page.
好的作家吸收他们所看到的世界，在书里重新创造自己的世界。
```
- ladder
```
英 [ˈlædə(r)] 美 [ˈlædər]
n. 阶梯；途径；梯状物
vi. 成名；发迹
vt. 在……上装设梯子
That ladder looks a little shaky.
这梯子看来不大牢靠。
He climbed the ladder to the next deck.
他登上梯子爬到了上一层甲板。
The local paper featured me standing on a stepladder with a caption, "Wendy climbs the ladder to success."
当地的报纸刊登了一幅我站在活梯上的特写，下面写着：“温迪登上了成功之梯。”
```
- plead
```
英 [pliːd] 美 [pliːd]
vt. 借口；为...辩护；托称
vi. 恳求；辩护
He appeared before the committee to plead his case.
他出现在委员会上为他的案子辩护。
They will plead with him to pull back from confrontation.
他们会恳求他不要再对抗下去。
One should not plead inexperience in excuse of his mistake.
一个人不应该借口缺乏经验来为其错误辩解。
```

Commit message:

[english][about-movie] well-documented

english-learning/daily-life/about-movie.md, after:

# Movies

- TV play series
```
电视连续剧
I think the TV play series is made up.
我认为这部电视连续剧是虚构的。
Some TV play series have strange names and incorrect grammatical structures.
一些电视连续剧的名字不但奇怪，且语法不通。
Grand Mercure Hongqiao Shanghai successfully held the press conference of "Bitter Coffee" TV Play Series Booting Ceremony.
上海虹桥美爵酒店承办了《苦咖啡》上海开机仪式新闻发布会。
```

## words
-  yd well-documented
```
well-documented 显而易见的;文档良好;罄竹难书
well-documented software tool 文件齐全的软件工具  
reasonable and well-documented 有理有据
there are well-documented cases 有证据充分的个案
Well Documented Code 有据可查代码
well documented for users 资料完备有序
So Well Documented 因此有据可查
Its Well Documented 这有文件证明
well documented with critical operations 福记载与关键行动;与关键的操作有据可查;有据可查的关键操作
The problem is well documented.
这个问题有很多依据。
Causes of the disease have been well documented.
这种疾病的起因已有完备的记载。
The main attractions of the Big Apple are well documented.
纽约城主要景点被很好地记录在案。
```
- canary
```
英 [kəˈneəri] 美 [kəˈneri]
n. 金丝雀；淡黄色，鲜黄色；加纳利甜酒
n. (Canary) （美、印、英）卡纳里
My canary has laid an egg.
我的金丝雀下了一个蛋。
The one with the pointy roof is Canary Wharf.
那个有尖顶的是金丝雀码头。
I think all the big banks are in Canary Wharf.
我觉得所有的大银行都在金丝雀码头。
```
- module
```
英 [ˈmɒdjuːl] 美 [ˈmɑːdʒuːl]
n. [计] 模块；组件；模数
You create a new module for the selector.
您为选择器创建一个新的模块。
I simply have isolated that module inside of that function.
我只需把这个模块加到函数中去。
I've got both an option to check the module, though in this case I'm just going to run it.
我有两个选项来检查模块，尽管在本例中，我只是运行它。
```
- project
```
英 [ˈprɒdʒekt] 美 [ˈprɑːdʒekt]
n. （生产或研究）工程；方案；计划；事业；项目；专题研究；住房，廉租住宅区
v. 设计；计划；抛射；投射；表现；促进（观点或意象）；确立（好印象）；突出；预测；发送；（声音）扩及远处；想象（自己或场景）在另一个时间或地点；作……投影线；（情感、愿望）无意投射转移（给别人）
The whole project was badly managed.
整个项目管理得差劲。
What's the timescale for the project?
这个项目的工期是多长？
The project cost a shedload of money.
这个项目花费了一大笔钱。
```
- rage
```
英 [reɪdʒ] 美 [reɪdʒ]
n. 愤怒；狂暴，肆虐；情绪激动
vi. 大怒，发怒；流行，风行
n. (Rage)人名；(丹)拉厄
A tide of rage surged through her.
一股怒火燃遍她的全身。
Most air rage incidents involve heavy drinking.
大多数空中愤怒事件都与酗酒有关。
Rage bubbled just below the surface of his mind.
怒火在他心中燃烧，随时可能迸发。
```
- suck
```
英 [sʌk] 美 [sʌk]
vt. 吸吮；吸取
vi. 吸吮；糟糕；巴结
n. 吮吸
Greenfly can literally suck a plant dry.
蚜虫的确能把一株植物吸干。
Did the farmer suck the poison out of the wound?
那位农民将毒液从伤口里吸出来了吗？
Good writers suck in what they see of the world, re-creating their own universe on the page.
好的作家吸收他们所看到的世界，在书里重新创造自己的世界。
```
- ladder
```
英 [ˈlædə(r)] 美 [ˈlædər]
n. 阶梯；途径；梯状物
vi. 成名；发迹
vt. 在……上装设梯子
That ladder looks a little shaky.
这梯子看来不大牢靠。
He climbed the ladder to the next deck.
他登上梯子爬到了上一层甲板。
The local paper featured me standing on a stepladder with a caption, "Wendy climbs the ladder to success."
当地的报纸刊登了一幅我站在活梯上的特写，下面写着：“温迪登上了成功之梯。”
```
- plead
```
英 [pliːd] 美 [pliːd]
vt. 借口；为...辩护；托称
vi. 恳求；辩护
He appeared before the committee to plead his case.
他出现在委员会上为他的案子辩护。
They will plead with him to pull back from confrontation.
他们会恳求他不要再对抗下去。
One should not plead inexperience in excuse of his mistake.
一个人不应该借口缺乏经验来为其错误辩解。
```
