---
layout: post
title: readings
author: sleticalboy
date: 2020-12-03 08:18:45
category: english-learning
tags: [english-learning]
---

# readings

## Computer Terms
### major part
- mouse
	- a small device that you move around on a flat surface in front of a computer
	- pointer, cursor, computer screen
	- a carved block of wood with two metal wheels
	- had a tail at the end which was the wire that connected it to the computer
- hacker
	- who writes software programs in a special computer language
	- who tries to steal information from computer systems
- Google
	- search engine
		- find information about almost any subject on the Internet
	- googol is an extremely large number(100 zeroes behind 1)
- blog 
	- the shortened name for a Web log
	- a personal web page
	- people who have blogs are called bloggers
- spam
	- unwanted sales messages sent to your electronic mailbox
- SPAM 
	- a eating place that only serves a processed meat product from the USA.
	- just as unwanted sales messages interfere with communication over the Internet

### minor part
- a major part of people's life
- open fields
- in front of
- a large amount of
- interfere with

---

## Expressions about Dog
### main
- lead a dog's life
	- to describe a person who has an unhappy existence
- a dog-eat-dog world
	- means many people are competing for something
- work like a doy
	- means sb. has to work very, very hard
	- such hard work can make perple dog-tired
- every dog has its day
	- every person enjoys a successful period during his or her life.
- you can never teach an old dog new tricks
	- older people do not like to learn new things and will not change the way they do things
- meaner than a junkyard dog(mean dogs)
- his bark is worse than his bite
- be in the doghouse
	- husbands and wives use this doghouse term when they are angry at each other
- let sleeping dogs lie
- dogs day of summer
	- the hottest days of the year
- A rainstorm may cool the weather. But we do not want it to rain too hard. 
We do not want it to rain cats and dogs.

### others
- treat sb. well
- medical care
- compete for
- be compared to
- wedding anniversary
- leave sth. alone

---

## Expressions about Water
### main
- in hot water 
	- to be in trouble, serious or not so serious
	- a man who breaks a low can be in hot water with the police
- in deep water
	- be in difficult position
	- be facing a problem that you do not have the ability to solve
- to keep your head above water
	- to stay out of debt
- water over the dam
	- to forget sth. bad that had happened
- to hold water
	- It comes from a way of testing the condition of a container
	- is about the strength or weakness of an idea or opinion that you may be arguing about
- throw cold water
	- It means to not like an idea.

### others
- come from
- deal with
- proposal

---

## Expressions about Fish
### main
- sth. sounds fishy
	- sth. may not be true
- a fish out of water
	- feel uncomfortable about the surroundings
- I'm fishing for a compliment
	- want to gain sth.
- to fish or cut bait
	- to make a quick decision
- go on a fishing expedition
	- ask sb. many questions to discover sth.
- red herring
	- to draw attention away from the real facts
- holy mackerel
	- to express a feeling of surprise
- sb. looks green around the gills
	- sb. is frightened by sth.
- live in a fishbowl
	- sb. don't have any secrets, everyone knows all about him or her
- the train is so crowded that we're packed in like sardines
	- sardines are tiny fish that lie close to each other in cans
- cold fish
	- to describe sb. is unfriendly and does not like to play with others
- a fine kettle of fish
	- sth. that makes you feel unhappy
	- things go terriblely or a messy situation
- a big fish in small pond
- plenty of other fish in the sea

### others
- in other words
- in an effort to do...
- roller coaster
- rush hour
- people travel to their jobs
- break down
- break up with sb.
- marriage ceremony

---
