---
layout: post
title: 09-33
author: sleticalboy
date: 2020-03-14 09:27:22
category: english-learning
tags: [english-learning]
---

# Level 9 Unit 33

## Lessons

### Lesson 1
#### Grammer
- suggesstion
- very/really/quite
- can/could/may I do something?

#### New Words
- if I see blood, I get very **dizzy** and **faint**.
- the **goalie** make a save.
- Its history is **incredible**.
- Pacific Ocean
- Atlantic Ocean
- debut: the first of/to do something
- take the field
- stay home from work

#### Sentences & phrase
- If you're being asked for a suggestion...
	- that's a good/bad idea/suggestion.
	- what should I do?
	- what do you suggest me to do?
	- you can talk with you boss about it.
- it was your job to be very still.
- it's quite funny, but don't worry about it.
- If you're watching a football match...
	- football match
	- the goalie **make a save**
	- the boy **run up and down** the field
	- he **kicks/shoots/misses the ball**
	- the player **scores a goal**
- If you're seeing a doctor...
	- can I look at your throat, please?
	- could I look at your ears now?
	- may I go back to wrok then?
	- can I go to the movies tonight?
	- may I work from home tomorrow?
- No, you can't because there's is an important meeting in the office.
- How about/What do you think about/How do you like about...
	- Its history is incredible.
	- It's extreamly beautiful.
- If you're talking about a vacation/trip...
	- I visited my grandparents in Yemen when I was a teenager.
	- We **took a tour** of the Rock Palace.
	- We flew to the island from Sanaa.
	- I had an incredible/wonderful time on vacation.
	- I enjoy learning the history of the city.
	- The island is surrounded by bright blue water.
- If you're asking for permission...
	- can you help me with something?
	- Can I get some help with it? I have few questions.

#### Idiom

---
### Lesson 2
#### Grammer
- past tense: did
	- I finished it yesterday.
- where
	- Where should we go?
	- Let's go to one of our desks.
	- Where do you want to go for lunch?
	- We should try that Mexican restaurant.
- which
	- Which desk do you want to go to?
	- Let's go to mine.
	- When can I take a vacation?
	- You should go after your big presentation is done.
- when
	- When should I tell my boss that I got a new job?
- what
	- What do you want to watch on TV?
	- Let's see Crime Scene Detective.

#### New Words
- Victor went to **Sandusky** last month.
- Someon stole my **briefcase** away.
- Let's meet in the **lobby** in five minutes.
- words related to gym
	- But I didn't take my **sneaker**s this morning. I only lave my boots.
	- I can't find where my **gym bag** is.
	- We can get a couple of **racquet**s and play tennis.
	- I have my **trainer**s, shorts, and a towel.
- Be Fit Gym Rules
	- If you user our balls for tennis or basketball, reture them when you're done.
	- Also, returh any rackets you use for tennisl
	- You can wear shorts or comfortable pants at the gym, but do not wear jeans.
	- You must wear swimsuits in the pool.
	- Do not wear sneakers in the pool area.
	- Put all wet towels in the gym's laundry room.
- Do **chore**s
- He is wearing a **uniform**.
- Everyone hsa to wear **swimsuit** in the pool.
- A **tracksuit** has pants and a jacket.
- What's the **occasion**?
- carnival, parade, capoeira, Salvador, celebration, samba
- wedding, groom, bride, ring
- burglary,
- Designer **passionate** about her work
- Eight-year-old competes in chess **tournament**

#### Sentences & phrases
- I finished it yesterday.
- I thought of the idea a long time ago.
- I started designing it last week, on Tuesday.
- I worked on the drawings this weekend.
- It's after midday.
- I started working for the company in 2019.
- It's tradition to eat spicy food in my country.
- Let's **take a day off from work** and celetrate the end of the project.
- What days off do you have during the school year?
- I **get a day off from work** on every public holiday.
- They celebrate the day they got married every year on June 25.
- It's tradition in our country to eat sweets for some holidays.
- There's **no point to staying** here.

#### Idiom

#### Useful skills
- if someone invite you to somewhere or do something, you should thank for her/his inviting.

---
### Lesson 3
#### Grammer
- **there is/are**
    - There're no chess games in park in the winter.
    - I'm sorry there's no one to play with.
    - There's no reason to be late to work.
    - There isn't much left, but you need to taste it.
- **some/any/much/many/a lot/a few/both**
    - Do you want some( more)?
    - You haven't got any left.
    - It must have some pepper in it.
    - If you love cream, you can put a lot in your coffee.
    - I know you need some money, but I don't have any to give you.
- **enough**
    - If you have enouth to share, I can try it.
- **adjective/adverb**
    - This food is amazing.
    - I'm eating so quickly. I nerver eat food like this.
    - You're always at my restaurant.
    - I always eat food like this before I came to your restaurant.
    - You cook well and you never disappoint.
    - I performed poorly at the concert.
- words to describe time order
    - first, then, after that, as soon as, finally

#### New Words
- in the **refrigerator**
- frequently, hardly
- They put some red pepper in the chocolate cake so it has a lot of **umph**!

#### Sentences & phrase
- No time? There's plenty of time. It's early.
- No customers can be in the restaurant before we open.
- There are no customers in the restaurant now.
- I have to make a copy of my design ideas
- Thanks for all your help.
- You really love what you do.
- I nerver loved my job, but it always gave me time to do the things I truly enjoyed.
- How often do you work from home.
- How well do you know about...
- two slices of pizza

#### Idiom

## Summary
