---
layout: post
title: 08-32
author: sleticalboy
date: 2020-12-03 08:18:45
category: english-learning
tags: [english-learning]
---

# Level 8 Unit 32

## Lesson 1
### The xxx Of
- the front of my jacket
- the rest of apartment
- the middle of the bridge
- the edge of the city is beautiful by the water
- the roof of our building
- the color of Mike's shirt is red
- the second floor of the building
- the manager of the department
- the name of the movie
- the price of the laptop/product

### Useful Expressions
- our ceiling isn't high enough anyway
- how about the front steps?
- let's take the stairs
- can we take the elevator instead?
- it's better for you than the lift
- go to a doctor

### Sentences
- You should listen to me as well sa trust me.
- I forgot the balls and my phone.
- Will you run up and **grap** them?
- Could you bring me some water and also some **aspirin**?
- Your **forehead** is covered in sweat.
- My head hurts because I'm **stuffed up**.
- You're losing your voice.
- I'm just a little sick and **blocked up**.
- What are your other **symptoms**?
- Let me feel you head to see if you **have a fever**.
- **Influenza**, or the 'flu' is a very **contagious** virus.
- oranges contain **vitamins** for throat sore
- new **resident**
- in the **lobby**

### Grammer
- too/and/also/as well/as well as
- in case

### Idiom
- Jill **has a runny nose** as well as a headache.(might have the flu)

### New Words
- air-conditioning
- ceiling/roof
- elevator/lift

---
## Lesson 2
### Grammer
- might(not) do something
- can/could(not) do something
- which the way to the bathroom?
- when is this going to end?

### Useful Expressions

### New Words
- It was probably someone else **fainting**.
- Of course! It's **complimentary**! Help yourself.

### Sentences
- I really need to use the restroom.
- It might be a while.
- I can't wait that long.
- It looks like you might have to 
- I might go home/be sick.
- I can't stay here all day waiting.
- It's definitely not his car.
- I'm crying. I feel really sick.
- why are we all ill?
- Human Resources. Our department is responsible for 
  recruiting,screening,interviewing and placing workers.

---
## Lesson 3
### Grammer
- +ier/+er/more ... than
- China/Chinese

### Useful Expressions
- You look taller than you did earlier.
- I want it to be bigger than the last event.
- How does the student feel about the class?
- It's not good.
- It's a light.
- what's this/that?
- what're these/those?

### New Words
- I like spicy food rather than **bland** food.
- Moroccan
- heel
- Ireland
- Vietnamese

### Sentences
- Some food are a lot spicier than other foods.
