---
layout: post
title: 09-34
author: sleticalboy
date: 2020-03-22 04:32:07
category: english-learning
tags: [english-learning]
---

# Level 9 Unit 34

## Lesson1
#### Grammer
- the future
    - I can be there by nine PM.
    - That's in two hours.
- subordinate clause
    - Is there a place **where** I can put this down?
    - Yes, it was the day **when** you had my new design.
    - We can go for a walk when we get to the forest.

#### New Words
- I need to **straighten up** before I can have anyone over.
- Do you remember when I was in your **cubicle** the other day?
- It was a **hill**, not a mountain.
- We stopped here and watched the **sun set**.
- We camped next to a river last weekend.
- Lear how to **make a lamp** on this show.
- light bulb, wire, glass jar, wick
- A **wick** is a piece of material that can **suck up** oil.
- antiques: some nice old things
- An **architect** is a person who designs or builds houses.

#### Sentences & phrase
- I have to **do the dishes**, clean the floors, **do the laundry**, and I have **a stack of** paperwork to **go through** before work tomorrow.
- My place is a mess.
- I can help you **tidy up** your apartment.
- do house work
- Are you going to stay in and relax?
- Are you getting ready for the party tomorrow?
- Your briefcase wasn't in the place where you left it.
- We wanted to add something to it that reminds people of nature.
- So we `went on a trip` to find materials for it.
- But we did get `a lot of sand in our` shoes.
- Then we drove for two hours **out of** the city to the forest to go for a walk.
- We walked past a frozen river, then we climbed a mountain.
- We climbed a hill and there was a giant stone `at the top`.
- First let's talk about very easy way to make a lamp: with oil and glass.
- Don't cover the **wick** with the oil.
- This time, we're going to use light bulbs and materials from nature.
- Your piece of wood can be the **lamp stand**.
- You can make beautiful **lamp shade**s from thin pieces of wood, or paper, or cloth.
- We can light the lamp with a match.
- It's a beautiful place with trees, stones and water.

#### Idiom

## Lesson2
#### Grammer
#### New Words
#### Sentences & phrase
#### Idiom

## Lesson3
#### Grammer
#### New Words
#### Sentences & phrase
#### Idiom

## Summary
