english-learning/books/the-alchemist.md, before:

# The Alchemist

- obstacle
```
英 [ˈɒbstəkl] 美 [ˈɑːbstəkl]
n. 障碍，干扰，妨碍；障碍物
Overcrowding remains a large obstacle to improving conditions.
过度拥挤仍然是改善条件的一大障碍。
A lack of qualifications can be a major obstacle to finding a job.
学历不足可能成为谋职的主要障碍。
The agreement removes the last serious obstacle to the signing of the arms treaty.
该协议为武器条约的签署去除了最后一个重大障碍。
```
- defeat
```
英 [dɪˈfiːt] 美 [dɪˈfiːt]
v. 击败；挫败（某人）；阻止达成（目的）；反对（动议或提议）；（使）无法理解；（使）无效
n. 失败；战胜
The Democrats have suffered a humiliating defeat.
民主党人已经遭受了一次有失脸面的失败。
The world champions suffered a sensational defeat.
世界冠军们遭到一次戏剧性的失败
Barbara looked increasingly downcast as defeat loomed.
失败越临近，芭芭拉的情绪看上去越为低落。
```

Commit message:

[ehglish][books][the-alchemist] greater euphoria, the miracle of life.

english-learning/books/the-alchemist.md, after:

# The Alchemist

- miracle
```
英 [ˈmɪrəkl] 美 [ˈmɪrəkl]
n. 奇迹，奇迹般的人或物；惊人的事例
It is a miracle no one was killed.
没有人死亡真是个奇迹。
It was a miracle that she survived the birth of her stillborn baby.
她生下死产儿后活下来，真是个奇迹。
At work he was regarded as a miracle worker, the man who took risks and could not lose.
工作中他被看作是奇迹的缔造者，冒了不少风险却从未失败。
```
- euphoria
```
英 [juːˈfɔːriə] 美 [juːˈfɔːriə]
n. （常指较短时间的）极度兴奋，情绪高涨，狂喜
There was euphoria after the election.
选举之后是一片狂喜。
The Athens Metro system was built in the early 2000s, amid the euphoria of joining the eurozone, heralding that Greece was joining the big time. And it's still an object of awe.
雅典地铁系统建成于2000年初，当时希腊正沉浸在加入欧元区的狂喜之中，该工程代表着希腊挺进新时代的雄心壮志，迄今仍让人敬畏。
In between came the frenzied euphoria as David Beckham's free kick bought England a ticket for the 2002 World Cup and the despair of Steve McClaren, as his team failed to make it to Euro 2008.
在这两者之间的，是贝克·汉姆用任意球带领英格兰队打进2002年世界杯的狂喜和麦克拉伦带领的英格兰队未能进入2008年欧洲杯决赛阶段的绝望。
```

- obstacle
```
英 [ˈɒbstəkl] 美 [ˈɑːbstəkl]
n. 障碍，干扰，妨碍；障碍物
Overcrowding remains a large obstacle to improving conditions.
过度拥挤仍然是改善条件的一大障碍。
A lack of qualifications can be a major obstacle to finding a job.
学历不足可能成为谋职的主要障碍。
The agreement removes the last serious obstacle to the signing of the arms treaty.
该协议为武器条约的签署去除了最后一个重大障碍。
```
- defeat
```
英 [dɪˈfiːt] 美 [dɪˈfiːt]
v. 击败；挫败（某人）；阻止达成（目的）；反对（动议或提议）；（使）无法理解；（使）无效
n. 失败；战胜
The Democrats have suffered a humiliating defeat.
民主党人已经遭受了一次有失脸面的失败。
The world champions suffered a sensational defeat.
世界冠军们遭到一次戏剧性的失败
Barbara looked increasingly downcast as defeat loomed.
失败越临近，芭芭拉的情绪看上去越为低落。
```
